feat: Set HEAD routes automatically for each GET route (#2700)
fastify/fastify: docs/Server.md

})
```

<a name="exposeHeadRoutes"></a>
### `exposeHeadRoutes`

> Creates a sibling `HEAD` route each `GET` routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatically creates a sibling `HEAD` route for each `GET` route defined. If you want a custom `HEAD` handler without disabling this option, make sure to define it before the `GET` route.
```
